Added step by step quickstart to create project and access API keys i… (#764)
rotationalio/ensign: docs/content/getting-started/_index.md

The first step is to get an Ensign API key by visiting [the sign-up page](https://rotational.app/register). Similar to getting a developer API key for [Youtube](https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/getting-started) or [Data.gov](https://api.data.gov/docs/api-key/), you will need an API key to use Ensign and to follow along with the rest of this Quickstart guide.

> **Steps to Create Your Project and Access Your API Key**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Step 1. Create a New Ensign Project**

> - After opening an account, click the `Create` button under `Set Up a New Project`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After creating an account, click the `Create` button under `Set Up a New Project`.
```

> - Enter a `Project Name` (required) and provide an optional description, then click `Create Project` (You will be redirected to the Projects dashboard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enter a `Project Name` (required) and provide an optional description, then click `Create Project`. You will be redirected to the Projects dashboard.
```

- Watch the video tutorial at [Ensign Project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VskNgAVMORQ)

**Step 2. Create Ensign Topics**
- On the Project dashboard, click on your Project Name.

> - Go to the `Design Your Data Flows: Set up Your Topics` section to create topics. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Click `New Topic` and enter a Topic Name (required), then click `Create Topic`. 

> - Watch the video tutorial at [Ensign Topics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XuVPl_Ki4U)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For more details, watch the [Topic Creation Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XuVPl_Ki4U)
```

> **Tips:**

> > - Pick a name for each topic that encodes information about the data that's stored in that topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Pick a name for each topic that encodes information about the data you intend to store in that topic.
```

> > - You can also include information about the data format (e.g. flights-json or hotels-html). Read more at [Naming Topics]({{< ref "/getting-started/topics" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - You can also include information about the data format (e.g. flights-json or hotels-html). Read more [here]({{< ref "/getting-started/topics" >}})
```

> - Topics can help serve as a data contract helping upstream publishers remember how to serialize the data and downstream subscribers how to parse it.

**Step 3. Create Ensign API Keys**

> - Go to the `Permission Your Data Flows: Generate API Keys` section and click `New Key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click the `New Key` button.
```

> - A `Generate API Key for project` pop-up will open, add a `Key Name,` and choose `Permissions` (Full Access or Custom Access), then click `Generate API Key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a name for the key and select its permissions (Full Access or Custom Access), then click `Generate API Key`.
```

> - From the `Your API Key` popup, copy both the `Client ID` and the `Client Secret` to open a client connection to Ensign. Read More at [Ensign API Keys](#ensign-api-keys) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy or download the `Client ID` and the `Client Secret`, you will need both to connect to Ensign. Read more [here](#ensign-api-keys) 
```

> - Watch the video tutorial at [Creating Ensign API Keys](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMejrUIouMw)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For more details, watch the [API Key Creation Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMejrUIouMw)
```

> **Important:**

> > - Remember to download your keys and save this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > - Add the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` to your environment variables, or you can put the file into your Git repository via gitignore. Read More at [Authentication](#authentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > - Do not share your keys with anyone, and never commit them to a public GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Do not share your keys with anyone, and never commit them to a public GitHub repository. Read more about best practices for API keys [here](#authentication).
```

> - If your keys get lost or compromised, don't worry, you can revoke them and create new ones.

> > - API keys are defined at the project level, and everyone collaborating on the datasets will need their own API keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - API keys grant access to all topics in the project.
```

> > - Once you add teammates to your project, they can create their own API keys using the same technique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Team members with the `Member`, `Owner`, or `Admin` role can create API keys, an `Observer` can not create API keys.
```

> > - New API keys enable users or applications to publish new data to the project topics, or to subscribe to those topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
